Add `TrainablePipe.{distill,get_teacher_student_loss}` (#3)
danieldk/spaCy: website/docs/api/dependencyparser.md

| `scores`    | Scores representing the model's predictions. ~~StateClass~~                 |
| **RETURNS** | The loss and the gradient, i.e. `(loss, gradient)`. ~~Tuple[float, float]~~ |

## DependencyParser.get_teacher_student_loss {#get_teacher_student_loss tag="method" new="4"}

> Find the loss and gradient of loss for the batch of student scores relative to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calculate the loss and its gradient for the batch of student scores relative to
```

the teacher scores.

> #### Example
>
> ```python
> teacher_parser = teacher.get_pipe("parser")
> student_parser = student.add_pipe("parser")
> student_scores = student_parser.predict([eg.predicted for eg in examples])
> teacher_scores = teacher_parser.predict([eg.predicted for eg in examples])

> > loss, d_loss = parser.get_teacher_student_loss(teacher_scores, student_scores)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> loss, d_loss = student_parser.get_teacher_student_loss(teacher_scores, student_scores)
```
